[OSDOCS#21750] Fix MicroShift JTBD Vale errors (#118859)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/microshift-installing-olm-options.adoc

* You can install the `microshift-olm` RPM at the same time you install the {microshift-short} RPM on {op-system-base-full}.
* You can install the `microshift-olm` on an existing {microshift-short} {product-version}. Restart the {microshift-short} service after installing OLM for the changes to apply.

> * See the following resources for specifics on each installation type:

Reviewer: There doesn't seem to be any consistent way to format this; but we should remove the bullet and colon. 
```suggestion
See "Additional resources" for specifics on each installation type.
```
